added high level design and design doc (#21)
rust-vmm/event-manager: docs/DESIGN.md

# Event Manager Design

## Interest List Updates

Subscribers can update their interest list when the `EventManager` calls
their process function. The EventManager crates a specialized `EventOps`
object. `EventOps` limits the operations that the subscribers can call to the
ones that are related to the interest list as follows:
- adding a new event that the subscriber is interested in.
- modifying an existing event (for example: update an event to be
  edge-triggered instead of being level-triggered or update the user data
  associated with an event).
- remove an existing event.

The subscriber is responsible for handling the errors returned from calling
add, modify or remove.

The `EventManager` knows how to associate these actions to a registered
subscriber because when it creates the `EventOps` object, it adds the
corresponding `SubscriberId`.

## Events

> By default, `Events` are wrapping a file descriptor, and a bit mask of events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `Events` wrap a file descriptor and a bit mask of events
```

> (for example `EPOLLIN | EPOLLOUT`). The `Events` can optionally contain a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for example `EPOLLIN | EPOLLOUT`). The `Events` can optionally contain user
```

defined data.

The `Events` are used in `add`, `remove` and `modify` functions
in [`EventOps`](../src/events.rs). While their semantic is very similar to that
of `libc::epoll_event`, they come with an additional requirement. When
creating `Events` objects, the subscribers must specify the file descriptor
associated with the event mask. There are a few reasons behind this choice:

> - reducing the number of parameters on the `EventOps` functions. Instead of

Author: :( I think it's ugly to do that, but I'll do it nevertheless :broken_heart:

  always passing the file descriptor along with an `epoll_event` object, the
  user only needs to pass `Events`.
- backing the file descriptor in `Events` provides a simple mapping from a file
  descriptor to the Subscriber that is watching events on that particular file
  descriptor.

Backing the file descriptor in all `Events` means that there are 32 bits left
for custom user data.

### Using Events With Custom Data

> The 32-bits in custom data can be used to map events to sub-process functions.

Author: Any suggestion to how to make this less confusing?

> The 32-bits in custom data can be used to map events to sub-process functions.

Reviewer 2: How about "can be used to map events to specific values, as opposed to fds..."?
